docs(linear progress): update linear progress and add more sections (#1925)
IgniteUI/igniteui-docfx: en/components/linear_progress.md

> If the [`step`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxlinearprogressbarcomponent.html#step) value is defined greater than the [`value`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxlinearprogressbarcomponent.html#value) input, there is only one update, which gets **the value that is passed for progress update**.   
<div class="divider--half"></div>

#### Dynamic Progress

You can dynamically change the progress value of the circular progress bar, using controls to change the value of the progress. We can achieve that by binding the value, using a custom variable:

```html
<div class="linear-container">
    <igx-linear-bar
        [value]="currentValue"
        [max]="100"
    ></igx-linear-bar>

    <div class="button-container">
        <button igxButton="icon" (click)="removeProgress()">
            <igx-icon fontSet="material">remove</igx-icon>
        </button>
        <button igxButton="icon" (click)="addProgress()">
            <igx-icon fontSet="material">add</igx-icon>
        </button>
    </div>
</div>
```

> Create the functions that add and remove value from the progress:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create the methods that increment and decrement the value:
```

```typescript
public currentValue: number;

public ngOnInit() {
    this.currentValue = 0;
}

> public addProgress() {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
public incrementProgress() {
```

    this.currentValue += 10;
    if (this.currentValue > 100) {
        this.currentValue = 100;
    }
}

> public removeProgress() {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
public decrementProgress() {
```

    this.currentValue -= 10;
    if (this.currentValue < 0) {
        this.currentValue = 0;
    }
}
```

> After completing the steps above, it should look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After completing the steps above, our progressbar should look like this:
```
